Name: Thomas Cheesman
ID: 101250237

Podcast Application
Overview
This application is designed to manage and play podcasts, offering functionality to store, search, and play episodes with both audio and video capabilities. It consists of a range of classes, including base and derived classes, each serving a specific role in the application.

Components

1. Podcast
   Description: Represents a podcast, containing metadata and a collection of episodes.
   Functionality: Stores and manages individual podcast episodes.
2. Episode
   Description: Represents a single episode of a podcast.
   Functionality: Contains episode-specific metadata and content.
3. Search (Base Class)
   Functionality: Provides a base for search-related operations.
   H_Search: Matches episodes by the podcast host.
   C_Search: Matches episodes by the podcast category.
   HorC_Search: Matches episodes by either the podcast host or category.
4. Array
   Description: A simple templated data structure.
   Functionality: Used for storing collections of objects.
5. Podify
   Description: Central control object of the application.
   Functionality: Manages the storage and querying of podcasts and their episodes.
6. PodcastPlayer (Base Class)
   Functionality: Defines how episodes are played.
   AudioPlayer: Plays the audio of an episode.
   VideoPlayer: Plays the audio of an episode and displays ASCII art loaded from a file.
7. View
   Description: User interface component.
   Functionality: Handles user input and displays information about podcasts and episodes.
8. Control
   Description: Manages interactions between Podify, PodcastFactory, and View.
   Functionality: Maintains the episode playlist and orchestrates the application flow.
9. TestControl
   Description: Testing framework for the Podify component.
   Functionality: Facilitates the testing of the application's functionality.
10. Tester
    Description: Provides common testing functionalities.
    Functionality: Assists in the execution of tests for various components.
    Usage
    make
    ./test or ./a4
    follow prompts
